#labels Featured,Phase-Requirements
== Forewords ==
Please use [http://www.stackoverflow.com stackoverflow] using the tag "android-json-rpc" for your questions on the library. Thank you

== Introduction ==

This open source library aims to help the implementation of JSON-RPC clients in android applications.

== Installation ==
Download [http://android-json-rpc.googlecode.com/files/android-json-rpc-0.2.jar latest android-json-rpc.jar] to the directory of your choice.
In eclipse, right-click on your android project and select 
*Build Path -> Add external archives*
then selected the downloaded jar file.

Since ADT 17, there is another way to include external JAR files. 
In your project, at the root, create a folder named "libs", without quotes. Copy the downloaded jar in this folder. 
That's all.


== Getting started ==
The library provides the class JSONRPCClient to perform JSON-RPC method calls on remote services.

{{{
// Create client specifying JSON-RPC version 2.0
JSONRPCClient client = JSONRPCClient.create("http://service/uri", JSONRPCParams.Versions.VERSION_2);
client.setConnectionTimeout(2000);
client.setSoTimeout(2000);
try 
{
  String string = client.callString("mymethod");
  double d = client.callDouble("pow", x, y);
  int i = client.callInt("add", 56, 25); ...
}
catch (JSONRPCException e)
{
  e.printStackTrace();
}
}}}

For Complete documentation, download it on this site or look at [Documentation documentation] page on this wiki.

Currently the library supports only JSON-RPC call over HTTP.
Support for TCP/IP would be interesting for creating efficient web services 